Here is the news.
The Japanese Army announced at 6 a.m. on December 8th.
The Japanese Army is in the West Pacific,
which is the day of the 8th,
and is in a battle with the US Army.
The Japanese Army is in the West Pacific,
which is the day of the 8th,
and is in a battle with the US Army.
This morning, the Japanese Army announced this.
The Japanese Army announced this.
The Japanese Army has started attacking Hong Kong
since the morning of the 8th.
The Japanese Army announced at 11 a.m. today.
The Japanese Army has been in a battle
since the morning of the 8th.
The Japanese Army announced at 11 a.m. today
the landing operation of the Maré Peninsula.
The Japanese Army announced the landing operation
of the Maré Peninsula
since the morning of the 8th
UAF program on shooting formation
Japanese Navy Avenue
Navy operatives have made special dependence
and stopped development of 안돼
from reciting military progresses
1. We must visit the air.
2. The Imperial Navy is at its best.
3. The British Navy will be at its best.
4. The American Navy will surrender to us.
3. The Imperial Navy will attack Singapore and settle the war.
4. The Imperial Navy will attack the enemy military base in the East China Sea.
5. The Imperial Army will be defeated by the Japanese army.
The Battle of the Great East Asia
The battle is about to begin.
The information bureau announced the battle on December 14th at 5.45 pm.